Add Databricks info to Data Lakes doc (#7768)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/storage/catalog/data-lakes/index.md

{% include content/plan-grid.md name="data-lakes" %}

Segment Data Lakes provide a way to collect large quantities of data in a format that's optimized for targeted data science and data analytics workflows. You can read [more information about Data Lakes](/docs/connections/storage/data-lakes/) and learn [how they differ from Warehouses](/docs/connections/storage/data-lakes/comparison/) in Segment's Data Lakes documentation.

> Segment only supports [AWS Data Lakes](/docs/connections/storage/catalog/data-lakes/#set-up-segment-data-lakes); alternatively, you can connect to [Databricks](/docs/connections/storage/catalog/databricks/). 

Reviewer: feel free to ignore if the additional context isn't helpful here

```suggestion
Segment only supports [AWS Data Lakes](/docs/connections/storage/catalog/data-lakes/#set-up-segment-data-lakes), but you can also connect to the  [Databricks](/docs/connections/storage/catalog/databricks/) storage destination to ingest data into your Lakehouse. 
```
